added isEU (#33)
ipinfo/java: README.md

More language files can be found [here](https://country.io/data)

#### EU Country Lookup

> This library provides a system to lookup if a country is member of EU through 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library provides a system to lookup if a country is a member of the European Union (EU) through 
```

ISO2 country codes.

By default, [here](https://github.com/ipinfo/java-ipinfo/blob/master/src/main/resources/eu.json) is the file containing all the EU members. 
If you wish to provide a different file, just use the following system in the builder:

```java
import io.ipinfo.api.IPinfo;
import io.ipinfo.api.errors.RateLimitedException;
import io.ipinfo.api.model.IPResponse;

public class Main {
    public static void main(String... args) {
        IPinfo ipInfo = new IPinfo.Builder()
                .setToken("YOUR TOKEN")
                .setEUCountryFile(new File("path/to/file.json"))
                .build();

        try {
            IPResponse response = ipInfo.lookupIP("8.8.8.8");

            // Print out the country code

>             System.out.println(response.getCountryCode());

Reviewer: No need in this example.

>             // Print out the country name

Reviewer: ?

        try {
            IPResponse response = ipInfo.lookupIP("8.8.8.8");

>             // Print out the true if the country is a member of EU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Print out whether the country is a member of the EU
```
